Add logging to Go getting-started example (#4490)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/go/getting-started.md

Ensure that you have the following installed locally:

> - [Go](https://go.dev/) `1.22` or greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Go](https://go.dev/) 1.22 or greater
```

> - [Go](https://go.dev/) `v1.22` or greater

Reviewer 2: nit:

```suggestion
- [Go](https://go.dev/) `1.22` or greater
```

Go does not name their versions with `v` prefix.

</details>

> Along with the trace, a log messages will be emitted to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the trace, log messages are emitted to the console.
```

  "Severity": 9,
  "SeverityText": "",
  "Body": {
    "Type": "String",
    "Value": "Alice is rolling the dice"
  },
  "Attributes": [
    {
      "Key": "result",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "Int64",
        "Value": 6
      }
    }
  ],
  "TraceID": "829fb7ceb787403c96eac3caf285c965",
  "SpanID": "8b6b408b6c1a35e5",
  "TraceFlags": "01",
  "Resource": [
    {
      "Key": "service.name",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "STRING",
        "Value": "dice"
      }
    },
    {
      "Key": "service.version",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "STRING",
        "Value": "0.1.0"
      }
    },
    {
      "Key": "telemetry.sdk.language",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "STRING",
        "Value": "go"
      }
    },
    {
      "Key": "telemetry.sdk.name",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "STRING",
        "Value": "opentelemetry"
      }
    },
    {
      "Key": "telemetry.sdk.version",
      "Value": {
        "Type": "STRING",
        "Value": "1.19.0-rc.1"
      }
    }
  ],
  "Scope": {
    "Name": "rolldice",
    "Version": "",
    "SchemaURL": ""
  },
  "DroppedAttributes": 0
}
```

</details>

Refresh the <http://localhost:8080/rolldice/Alice> page a few times, and then

> either wait for a little bit or terminate the app and you'll see metrics as in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either wait a little or terminate the app and you'll see metrics as in
```
